README.md, before:

<img alt="IOIO Logo" src="https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-NtccMO1M7f4/UDhhwrx26UI/AAAAAAAAjTI/xwTI4Fb8xVQ/s887/ioio-logo.png">
The IOIO is a board that provides a host machine the capability of interfacing with external hardware over a variety of commonly used protocols.
The original IOIO board has been specifically designed to work with Android devices. The newer IOIO-OTG ("on the go") boards work with both Android devices and PC's (details [here](http://ytai-mer.blogspot.com/2012/05/second-generation-of-ioio-is-in-works.html)).
The IOIO board can be connected to its host over USB or Bluetooth, and provides a high-level Java API on the host side for using its I/O functions as if they were an integral part of the client.

All user documentation is on [the Wiki](https://github.com/ytai/ioio/wiki).

The [IOIO Gallery](http://pinterest.com/ytaibt/ioio/) lists various IOIO projects to give you some ideas of what you can do with IOIO.

And this is [the blog of Ytai](http://ytai-mer.blogspot.com), the inventor of IOIO, where new developments are normally announced. Specifically, [this introductory post](http://ytai-mer.blogspot.com/2011/04/meet-ioio-io-for-android.html) provides a good overview of this technology.

You can purchase a IOIO-OTG board online from:
- [SeeedStudio](http://www.seeedstudio.com/depot/ioio-otg-for-android-p-1615.html) (**primary manufacturer** - manufacturing, testing and service standards have been inspected).
- [Sparkfun Electronics](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/12633) (**primary manufacturer** - manufacturing, testing and service standards have been inspected).
- [Jaycon Systems](http://www.jayconsystems.com/ioio-otg.html).
- [LinkSprite](http://linksprite.com/wiki/index.php5?title=IOIO-OTG).
- [CuteDigi](http://www.cutedigi.com/development-tools/pic/ioio-otg-for-android.html).
- [AliExpress](http://www.aliexpress.com/store/product/Free-Shipping-IOIO-OTG/600038_781363573.html).

Commit message:

Re-adding Google Group link with updated URL

README.md, after:

<img alt="IOIO Logo" src="https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-NtccMO1M7f4/UDhhwrx26UI/AAAAAAAAjTI/xwTI4Fb8xVQ/s887/ioio-logo.png">
The IOIO is a board that provides a host machine the capability of interfacing with external hardware over a variety of commonly used protocols.
The original IOIO board has been specifically designed to work with Android devices. The newer IOIO-OTG ("on the go") boards work with both Android devices and PC's (details [here](http://ytai-mer.blogspot.com/2012/05/second-generation-of-ioio-is-in-works.html)).
The IOIO board can be connected to its host over USB or Bluetooth, and provides a high-level Java API on the host side for using its I/O functions as if they were an integral part of the client.

All user documentation is on [the Wiki](https://github.com/ytai/ioio/wiki).

You can get answers to questions and get news about IOIO on the [ioio-users discussion group](https://groups.google.com/u/1/g/ioio-users)

The [IOIO Gallery](http://pinterest.com/ytaibt/ioio/) lists various IOIO projects to give you some ideas of what you can do with IOIO.

And this is [the blog of Ytai](http://ytai-mer.blogspot.com), the inventor of IOIO, where new developments are normally announced. Specifically, [this introductory post](http://ytai-mer.blogspot.com/2011/04/meet-ioio-io-for-android.html) provides a good overview of this technology.

You can purchase a IOIO-OTG board online from:
- [SeeedStudio](http://www.seeedstudio.com/depot/ioio-otg-for-android-p-1615.html) (**primary manufacturer** - manufacturing, testing and service standards have been inspected).
- [Sparkfun Electronics](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/12633) (**primary manufacturer** - manufacturing, testing and service standards have been inspected).
- [Jaycon Systems](http://www.jayconsystems.com/ioio-otg.html).
- [LinkSprite](http://linksprite.com/wiki/index.php5?title=IOIO-OTG).
- [CuteDigi](http://www.cutedigi.com/development-tools/pic/ioio-otg-for-android.html).
- [AliExpress](http://www.aliexpress.com/store/product/Free-Shipping-IOIO-OTG/600038_781363573.html).
